hi guys it's mommy tang I just came back
from Whole Foods as you see and I got
some so to my mandarins oh my gosh
they're so good I can't wait to start
eating them again
I'm also here now my Korean grocery shop
supermarket and money buy some udon
frozen noodles because my daughter came
home from school
really sick too cold and I gave it to me
and my little one so now we're feeling
that awful so during the day we're
eating lots of fruits and veggies and
Jews and all that stuff but at night we
want to eat something soupy and hot so I
want to make food on now a lot of the
food all dishes out there there are made
with anchovy broth that's that little
little tiny tiny fish but this is
totally vegan and chemical free and it's
fast because I am using just instant
noodles they are just made out of a
flour tapioca flour and salt and water I
believe and you know you could make your
own really but I all something fast when
I go home just want to make the broth
and just put the noodle in there and to
serve it to my kids and so I could eat
just rest and also towards the end of
the video I will be sharing with you
what to buy what kind of noodle I like
and when you're here ever in clear
markets what to look for the reason I'm
not looking at the camera and looking
around is because there's like so many
people just walking by me and they're
looking at me like I'm crazy like I'm
talking to somebody like by myself I'm
not crazy I'm just talking to you guys
but they don't know that so my eyes are
wandering off yeah they think I'm crazy
crazy well I hope you liked the recipe
see you guys
oil six cups of water for of hand-sized
kombu Fistful of dry scallion roots two
dried shiitake mushrooms two whole
scallions two sliced daikons ground one
inch thick one teaspoon of pepper corn
one whole onions sliced in half three
cloves of garlic now bring it to boil
with lid on once it starts to boil bring
down to simmer for 20 to 30 minutes add
in your sweetener am using 1/3 cup of
coconut sugar 3 tbsp of low-sodium soy
sauce you could always adjust the amount
take out all the ingredients with
strainer
saving only the mushrooms the broth is
now ready prepare your garnish I'm using
zucchini
shiitake mushroom that was saved from
the stock broccoli
some green peppers then Lee sliced
carrots
and minced scallions know that you could
use pretty much any veggies of your
choice for topping next take frozen
noodles out of their packages make sure
to keep them frozen
bring broth to boil add in the frozen
noodles stir to break them apart they
are done when you see steam arise from
the pot
make sure not to overcook them transfer
the noodles into a big bowl add in the
broth
you could eat them like so however let's
dress them up a bit by adding our
garnish cuz we do eat with our eyes
first
finally sprinkle some toasted sesame
seeds some black peppers Japanese spices
you could skip this however it does make
things little spicy and yummy are also
the ingredients are natural
some shredded seaweed papers and it is
done this is my local Korean Asian
supermarket let's go find some noodles
first we have the dried noodles they
don't usually come with the soup base
next we have the refrigerated noodles
however most of them come with soup base
as you could see the soup base
ingredients of MSG and other chemicals
and this is main reason why I make my
own broth now we have the frozen ones
this is the one that I get because most
of them come without the soup base
however make sure to check the back for
ingredients some do come with soup base
I hope you enjoy your Bhutan